The avocado (Persea americana) is a tree originating in the Americas which is likely native to the highland regions of south-central Mexico to Guatemala. The term hot dog can also refer to the sausage itself. A hamburger is a food consisting of fillings usually a patty of ground meat, typically beef—placed inside a sliced bun or bread roll. A pancake is a flat cake, often thin and round, prepared from a starch-based batter that may contain eggs, milk and butter and cooked on a hot surface such as a griddle or frying pan, often frying with oil or butter. It is a type of batter bread. Examples of fast food (left to right, top to bottom): Cheeseburger, Soft drink, French fries, Pizza Margherita, Hot dog, Fried chicken, Submarine sandwich. banana can provide nearly 10% of your daily fiber requirement. A mango is an edible stone fruit produced by the tropical tree Mangifera indica which is believed to have originated from the region between northwestern Myanmar, Bangladesh, and northeastern India. See how to bake bread at home. The national dish of USA is your favourite Hamburger. A grape is a fruit, botanically a berry, of the deciduous woody vines of the flowering plant genus Vitis. Noodles are usually cooked in boiling water, sometimes with cooking oil or salt added. American people love Burger and pizza. We all know, burgers are high-calorie junk food that are not good for our health. Burgers are these days loaded with cheese slices, mayo and ketchup. A tuna is a saltwater fish that belongs to the tribe Thunnini, a subgrouping of the Scombridae family. The Thunnini comprise 15 species across five genera, the sizes of which vary greatly, ranging from the bullet tuna up to the Atlantic bluefin tuna, which averages 2 m and is believed to live up to 50 years. Biryani is a mixed rice dish originating among the Muslims of the Indian subcontinent. It is made with Indian spices, rice, and usually some type of meat or in some cases without any meat, and sometimes, in additio , eggs and potatoes. The name wild rice is usually used for species of the genera Zizania and Porteresia, both wild and domesticated, although the term may also be used for primitive or uncultivated varieties of Oryza.